Your job is to extract answers, and do not provide any additional comments. Give a short answer to the question below by using only words that are contiguous from the context. If you cannot find the answer, please write "I do not know".
question: when did fender start making amps in mexico? context: P> The Red Knob amplifiers were produced from 1987 until 1993. These were some of the first models produced by the newly formed Fender Musical Instrument Corporation. These amplifiers, named for their bright red control knobs, have a slightly similar appearance to the older Blackface cosmetics, having black control panels with white lettering and the late 1970s  scripted tailless '' Fender logo. Many of these models were simply refitted with black knobs and early 1970s  unscripted tailless '' Fender logos in 1996 when most Fender amplifier manufacturing moved to the Ensenada factory in Mexico. This series of amplifiers all used printed circuit board construction and can be difficult for amateur amp techs to service. The Red Knob amps, with their high - gain channels, had their own sound, not much like the older classic Blackface and Silverface designs. /P>
	 1987  VS  1996


Your job is to extract answers, and do not provide any additional comments. Give a short answer to the question below by using only words that are contiguous from the context. If you cannot find the answer, please write "I do not know".
question: what was the actual year that the movie regarding the titans took place? context: P> Remember the Titans is a 2000 American sports film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Boaz Yakin. The screenplay, written by Gregory Allen Howard, is based on the true story of African - American coach Herman Boone, portrayed by Denzel Washington, and his attempt to integrate the T.C. Williams High School football team in Alexandria, Virginia, in 1971. Will Patton portrays Bill Yoast, Boone's assistant coach. Real - life athletes Gerry Bertier and Julius Campbell are portrayed by Ryan Hurst and Wood Harris, respectively. /P>
    2000  VS  1971

Your job is to extract answers, and do not provide any additional comments. Give a short answer to the question below by using only words that are contiguous from the context. If you cannot find the answer, please write "I do not know".
question: when did frank sinatra first sing new york new york? context: P> In 1979,  Theme from New York, New York '' was re-recorded by Frank Sinatra for his album Trilogy : Past Present Future ( 1980 ), and has since become closely associated with him. He occasionally performed it live with Minnelli as a duet. Sinatra recorded it a second time for his 1993 album Duets, with Tony Bennett. /P>
	 1979  VS  1980


question: when did india win their first cricket match? context: P> Although cricket was introduced to India by European merchant sailors in the 18th century, and the first cricket club was established in Calcutta ( currently known as Kolkata ) in 1792, India's national cricket team did not play its first Test match until 25 June 1932 at Lord's, becoming the sixth team to be granted Test cricket status. In its first fifty years of international cricket, India was one of the weaker teams, winning only 35 of the first 196 Test matches it played. From 1932 India had to wait until 1952, almost 20 years for its first Test victory. The team, however, gained strength in the 1970s with the emergence of players such as batsmen Sunil Gavaskar and Gundappa Viswanath, all - rounder Kapil Dev and the Indian spin quartet of Erapalli Prasanna, Srinivas Venkataraghavan, Bhagwat Chandrasekhar and Bishen Singh Bedi. /P>
	 25 june 1932  VS  1952

question: when did men's curling start in the olympics? context: P> Curling was included in the program of the inaugural Winter Olympic Games in 1924 in Chamonix although the results of that competition were not considered official by the International Olympic Committee until 2006. Curling was a demonstration sport at the 1932 Games, and then again after a lengthy absence in 1988 and 1992. The sport was finally added to the official program for the 1998 Nagano Games. /P>
    1924  VS  1998


Your job is to extract answers, and do not provide any additional comments. Give a short answer to the question below by using only words that are contiguous from the context. If you cannot find the answer, please write "I do not know".
question: when did they start assigning social security numbers at birth? context: P> Before 1986, people often did not obtain a Social Security number until the age of about 14, since the numbers were used for income tracking purposes, and those under that age seldom had substantial income. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 required parents to list Social Security numbers for each dependent over the age of 5 for whom the parent wanted to claim a tax deduction. Before this act, parents claiming tax deductions were simply trusted not to lie about the number of children they supported. During the first year of the Tax Reform Act, this anti-fraud change resulted in seven million fewer minor dependents being claimed. The disappearance of these dependents is believed to have involved either children who never existed or tax deductions improperly claimed by non-custodial parents. In 1988, the threshold was lowered to 2 years old, and in 1990, the threshold was lowered yet again to 1 year old. Today, an SSN is required regardless of the child's age to receive an exemption. Since then, parents have often applied for Social Security numbers for their children soon after birth ; today, it can be done on the application for a birth certificate. /P>
    1986  VS  1990



question: when was harry potter and the philosophers stone published? context: P> Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a fantasy novel written by British author J.K. Rowling. It is the first novel in the Harry Potter series and Rowling's debut novel, first published in 1997 by Bloomsbury. It was published in the United States as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by Scholastic Corporation in 1998. The plot follows Harry Potter, a young wizard who discovers his magical heritage as he makes close friends and a few enemies in his first year at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. With the help of his friends, Harry faces an attempted comeback by the dark wizard Lord Voldemort, who killed Harry's parents, but failed to kill Harry when he was just 15 months old. /P>
    1998  VS  1997


question: when was penicillin first introduced to the public? context: P> Penicillin was discovered in 1928 by Scottish scientist Alexander Fleming. People began using it to treat infections in 1942. There are several enhanced penicillin families which are effective against additional bacteria ; these include the antistaphylococcal penicillins, aminopenicillins and the antipseudomonal penicillins. They are derived from Penicillium fungi. /P>
    1928  VS  1942


when was the last time unc did not make the ncaa tournament? context: P> Guthridge retired in 2000 and North Carolina turned to Matt Doherty, the head coach at Notre Dame and a player on the 1982 championship team, to lead the Tar Heels. Doherty had little success while at North Carolina. In his first season, the Heels were ranked # 1 in the polls in the middle of the Atlantic Coast Conference schedule and finished with a 26 -- 7 record. But Doherty's second season was the worst in recent history as the Tar Heels finished the season with a record of 8 -- 20, missing postseason play entirely for the first time since the 1965 -- 66 season ( including a record 27 straight NCAA Tournament appearances ) and finishing with a losing record for the first time since 1962 ( Dean Smith's first year as coach ). They also finished 4 -- 12 in the ACC -- only the program's second losing ACC record ever. The 12 losses were six more than the Tar Heels had ever suffered in a single season of ACC play, and placed them in a tie for 7th place -- the program's first finish below fourth place ever. The season also saw the end of UNC's run of 31 straight 20 - win seasons and 35 straight seasons of finishing third or higher in the ACC. After bringing in one of the top 5 incoming classes for the 2002 -- 2003 season, the Tar Heels started the season by knocking off a top 5 Kansas team and going on to win the Preseason NIT and returning to the AP top 25. North Carolina went on to finish the season 17 -- 15, missing the NCAA tournament
    2000  VS  2003
    

question: where did aeneas go when he left carthage? context: P> After the sojourn in Carthage, the Trojans returned to Sicily where Aeneas organized funeral games to honor his father, who had died a year before. The company traveled on and landed on the western coast of Italy. Aeneas descended into the underworld where he met Dido ( who turned away from him to return to her husband ) and his father, who showed him the future of his descendants and thus the history of Rome. /P>
    western coast of italy  VS  sicily



question: where did the ancestors of the domestic goat originate? context: P> The history of the domesticated sheep goes back to between 11000 and 9000 BC, and the domestication of the wild mouflon in ancient Mesopotamia. Sheep are among the first animals to have been domesticated by humans, and there is evidence of sheep farming in Iranian statuary dating to that time period. These sheep were primarily raised for meat, milk, and skins. Woolly sheep began to be developed around 6000 BC in Iran, and cultures such as the Persians relied on sheep's wool for trading. They were then imported to Africa and Europe via trading. /P>
    ancient mesopotamia  VS  iran